[eerie music]
(male presenter, off) THERE
IS A FIFTH DIMENSION
BEYOND THAT WHICH
IS KNOWN TO MAN.
IT IS A DIMENSION
AS VAST AS SPACE
AND AS TIMELESS
AS INFINITY.
IT IS THE MIDDLE GROUND
BETWEEN LIGHT AND SHADOW
BETWEEN SCIENCE
AND SUPERSTITION
AND IT LIES BETWEEN
THE PIT OF MAN'S FEARS
AND THE SUMMIT
OF HIS KNOWLEDGE.
THIS IS THE DIMENSION
OF IMAGINATION.
IT I-S' A/VAREA VI/l-l/Cl-l
I/I/E CALL THE TVVILIGHT ZONE.
[jazzy piano music]
YOU READY
FOR ANOTHER?
I'M FINE.
YOU BEEN FINE
FOR AN HOUR.
VVE SELL BOOZE HERE, MISTER.
VVE DON'T JUST RENT SPACE.
IS THAT A FACT?
THAT'S A
FACT, BUDDY.
HOVV VVOULD YOU LIKE TO TAKE
A FLYING JUMP AT THE MOON?
ALL KINDS. WE
GET ALL KINDS.
(Rod Serling, off) YOU'RE LOOKING AT MR.
FRED RENARD,
WHO CARRIES
ON HIS SHOULDER
A CHIP THE SIZE OF
THE NATIONAL DEBT.
THIS IS A SOUR MAN,
A FRIENDLESS MAN
A LONELY MAN, A GRASPING,
COMPULSIVE, NERVOUS MAN.
THIS IS A MAN
WHO HAS LIVED
36 UNDISTINGUISHED, MEANINGLESS,
POINTLESS, FAILURE-LADEN YEARS
AND WHO AT THIS MOMENT LOOKS
FOR AN ESCAPE, ANY ESCAPE.
ANY WAY, ANYTHING, ANYBODY,
TO GET OUT OF THE RUT.
AND THIS LITTLE OLD MAN IS JUST WHAT MR.
RENARD IS WAITING FOR.
SOMETHING FOR
YOU, MISS?
I GUESS I NEED
SOME MATCHES.
[musical burst]
YOU DON'T NEED
MATCHES, MISS.
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT YOU NEED.
YES, I THINK I KNOW
WHAT IT IS YOU NEED.
WHAT IS IT?
CLEANING FLUID--
OH, VERY GOOD
CLEANING FLUID.
GUARANTEED TO REMOVE SPOTS
OF ANY AND ALL KINDS.
IT'S WHAT
YOU NEED.
(bartender) THAT'LL
BE 8O CENTS, LEFTY.
WHAT DO YOU
GOT, POP?
MANY THINGS, MANY
ODDS AND ENDS--
THINGS YOU NEED.
THINGS I NEED?
WELL, WHAT DO YOU
THINK I NEED, POP?
WELL, SHOELACES
PERHAPS, OR MATCHES.
UH--NO, I'M
AFRAID NOT, POP.
THEY WOULDN'T
HELP ME.
NO, WHAT I NEED
YOU HAVEN'T GOT.
TELL HIM, LEFTY, TELL
HIM VVHAT YOU NEED.
THE OLD COOT COMES
IN HERE EVERY NIGHT
BUGGING EVERYBODY HE'S
GOT VVHAT THEY NEED.
TELL HIM
WHAT YOU NEED.
TELL HIM WHAT
YOU REALLY NEED.
WHAT DO
YOU NEED?
A NEW LEFT ARM.
A NEW
LEFT ARM?
YEAH, LEFTY WAS QUITE A
PITCHER IN HIS TIME.
HE PITCHED FOR A COUPLE
OF YEARS FOR THE CUBS.
THEN HIS ARM
WENT SOUR.
DIDN'T IT, LEFTY?
I OUGHT
TO KNOW.
I DROPPED A BUNDLE
ON HIM ON A SUNDAY
A COUPLE OF
YEARS AGO.
WHAT DO
YOU DO NOW?
WHAT DOES
HE DO NOW?
HE COMES IN HERE SEVEN
NIGHTS A VVEEK,
LOOKING FOR A
BASEBALL CAREER
AT THE BOTTOM
OF A BOTTLE.
OF COURSE, THERE
ARE ALTERNATIVES.
THERE ARE
THINGS INSTEAD.
INSTEAD?
INSTEAD OF PITCHING?
INSTEAD OF BASEBALL?
LET'S GO BACK TO SHOELACES, POP.
I THINK I KNOVV VVHAT
IT IS YOU NEED.
[musical burst]
GO AHEAD,
TAKE IT.
A BUS TICKET.
THAT'S RIGHT.
THAT'S WHAT IT
IS, A BUS TICKET.
A BUS TICKET TO
SCRANTON, PENNSYLVANIA.
NOW, WHAT'S IN SCRANTON,
PENNSYLVANIA, OLD MAN?
ONE NEVER KNOWS.
COAL MINES, THAT'S VVHAT'S
IN SCRANTON, PENNSYLVANIA.
NICE, LOVELY,
BEAUTIFUL COAL MINES.
YOU CAN'T PITCH VVITH
THAT ARM ANYMORE, LEFTY,
[telephone rings]
MAYBE YOU CAN
DIG WITH IT.
(man)
LEFTY.
YEAH?
TELEPHONE.
[no audio]
WHAT-- DEAD
RICH UNCLE?
OR YOUR
HORSE COME IN?
NO, CRAZY,
REAL CRAZY.
OLD MANAGER OF MINE.
BEEN LOOKING FOR ME
FOR THREE WEEKS.
GOT ME A JOB,
COACHING JOB.
MINOR LEAGUE CLUB IN
SCRANT-- [musical burst]
SCRANTON, PENNSYLVANIA.
WANTS ME TO TAKE
A BUS THERE.
HE WANTS ME TO TAKE A BUS THERE.
HOW ABOUT THAT?
HOW'D YOU
KNOW, POP?
COINCIDENCE MAYBE.
OR JUST
GOOD FORTUNE.
BUT WHY QUESTION IT?
IT'S THERE FOR YOU.
YOU JUST TAKE IT.
I DON'T GET IT.
WOW.
GEE, I WISH I COULD
GET THAT THING OUT.
I'D LIKE TO LOOK
HALFWAY DECENT
WHEN I MEET THE
GENERAL MANAGER.
THAT'S VVHO I'M GONNA MEET,
THE GENERAL MANAGER.
I'D HATE TO LOOK LIKE A TRAMP.
I CAN GET A SHAVE.
IT'S THE ONLY
COAT I GOT.
EXCUSE ME.
I COULDN'T HELP
BUT OVERHEAR.
WHY DON'T
YOU TRY THIS?
IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE VERY
GOOD FOR THAT SORT OF THING.
OH, I DON'T WANT
TO BOTHER YOU, MISS.
OH, NO,
LET ME TRY.
ALL RIGHT.
[musical burst]
NOW, WHEN
THIS DRIES,
YOU WON'T EVEN KNOW
YOU HAD A SPOT THERE.
THANK YOU, MISS.
THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
I WAS LUCKY
YOU WERE AROUND.
OH, NOT
REALLY LUCKY.
THE OLD GENTLEMAN
OVER THERE--
[shaky voice] SOMETHING
FOR YOU, SIR?
SHOELACES, MAYBE?
IS THAT
WHAT I NEED?
THAT'S FOR YOU
TO SAY, SIR.
IF--lF NOT SHOELACES,
SOME NICE MATCHES.
I... I HAVE SEVERAL
DIFFERENT DESIGNS HERE.
NOW, COME ON.
WHAT DO I NEED?
YOU TELL ME,
OLD MAN.
ONE NEEDS MANY
DIFFERENT THINGS.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, BUT VVHAT
DO I NEED NOVV? HUH?
WHAT DO I
NEED TONIGHT?
IT'S LATE.
WHAT DO I NEED?
[musical burst]
SCISSORS?
WHAT IS THIS,
SOME KIND OF GAG?
I VVANT YOU TO LEVEL VVITH
ME, OLD MAN, I MEAN IT.
I'LL SPREAD YOU ALL
OVER THE STREET.
THEY'RE WHAT
YOU NEED.
THEY REALLY ARE.
TAKE THEM.
GIMME MY
HEY. HEY.
HEY!
H-HELP!
[musical burst]
YEAH.
WHAT I NEEDED.
YEAH... YEAH...
THAT'S JUST
WHAT I NEEDED.
WHAT'S THIS? SOMETHING
ELSE I NEED?
NO. LOOK, I'VE
ALREADY GIVEN YOU
EVERYTHING THAT
YOU NEEDED.
VVHY DO YOU COME AROUND
HERE BOTHERING ME?
THAT VVAS A NICE PAIR OF
SCISSORS I GOT FROM YOU TONIGHT.
THEY SAVED MY HIDE.
WHAT DO YOU
GOT IN THERE?
SOME KIND OF MACHINE,
CRYSTAL BALL?
YOU CAN SEE AHEAD, CAN'T YOU?
YOU CAN LOOK
INTO THE FUTURE.
YOU DUMMY.
YOU POOR DUMMY.
YOU GOT A MILLION
DOLLAR TALENT
AND YOU DRIBBLE IT AVVAY
ON NICKELS AND DIMES.
WANNA KNOW SOMETHING?
YOU GOT A
PARTNER NOW.
I DON'T
NEED A PARTNER.
NEED ANYTHING.
I'M CONTENT.
I... I HAVE THIS TALENT,
BUT I USE IT SPARINGLY.
I MUST USE
IT SPARINGLY.
ON CLEANING FLUID
AND BUS TICKETS.
YOU GOT CHEAP TASTE, PAPA,
BUT NOT YOUR PARTNER.
YOUR PARTNER DON'T
SATISFY SO EASY.
WHAT SATISFIES HIM?
WHAT SATISFIES HIM
COMES LONG AND LOW
AND DRIVES
ON FOUR WHEELS,
DRAPES NICE AND SMOOTH
AROUND THE SHOULDERS,
FITS EASY, COMES
FROM EXPENSIVE SHOPS--
LOOKS UPTOWN.
LUXURY, PAPA, LUXURY.
NOW, COME
ON, CONCENTRATE.
GO INTO A TRANCE
OR WHATEVER YOU DO
AND TELL ME WHAT
I NEED FOR TOMORROW.
WHAT'S FOR THE NEXT DAY'?
WHAT'S F OR WEDNESD AY'?
COME ON, OLD
MAN, CONCENTRATE!
WHAT DO I NEED?
[musical burst]
A PEN?
WHAT IS IT, A
GAG OR SOMETHING?
A LEAKY PEN.
I'M SUPPOSED TO NEED A
LEAKY PEN, IS THAT IT?
A PEN THAT DRIPS ALL OVER THE-
WAITA MINUTE.
HEY, THIS
IS WILD.
THIS IS
REALLY WILD.
LOOK, IT DROPPED RIGHT
ALONGSIDE OF A HORSE'S NAME.
"STAUNCH SOLDIER RUNS IN
THE FIRST RACE TOMORROW."
HEY, OLD MAN,
YOU'RE ALL RIGHT.
THAT'S WHAT I
NEEDED ALL RIGHT--
A LEAKY FOUNTAIN PEN.
SEE YOU LATER.
240 BUCKS.
YEAH, IT COULD'VE BEEN
A MILLION, TWO MILLION.
YEAH, AND
IT'S GONNA BE.
[knocking]
GOT IT?
THIS WHAT
YOU WANTED?
YOU GOT TOMORROW
MORNING'S PAPER?
THAT'S WHAT
SHE IS.
TOMORROW'S RACES
IN IT?
IT USUALLY DOES.
HERE IT IS.
YEAH?
DID YOU EVER
HEAR OF A TIP?
A TIP?
OH YEAH,
HERE'S A TIP.
DON'T PLAY
WITH MATCHES.
JERK.
THIS DOESN'T HAVE TO STOP
AT THE RACES EITHER.
IT COULD BE FOOTBALL GAMES,
BASEBALL, BASKETBALL-
WHAT IS THIS?
WHY, THAT
OLD CRUM BUM.
I'LL FIX HIM.
I'LL TAKE IT OUT OF
HIS LOUSY OLD HIDE.
HE IS A LITTLE CRUM
BUM- TO TRY THIS ON ME.
THANK YOU.
HEY, YOU.
HEY, PARTNER.
YOU, WHATEVER
YOUR NAME IS.
PIDOTT, THAT'S
MY NAME.
VVELL, PIDOTT, YOU CAME
A CROPPER TONIGHT.
OH?
HOW IS THAT,
MR. RENARD?
THAT PEN, IT DON'T
VVORK, NO INK COMES OUT.
I CAN'T PICK
ANY WINNERS.
WELL, YOU WANT A GREAT DEAL, MR.
RENARD.
THE THINGS YOU NEED,
YOU ONLY NEED ONCE.
JUST ONCE.
THAT'S ALL
THEY'RE EVER NEEDED.
OKAY. WHAT'S
NEXT, THEN?
NOTHING IS NEXT.
I'D RATHER NOT SELL
YOU ANYTHING MORE.
IS THAT A FACT?
PIDOTT, I VVANT TO TELL
YOU SOMETHING ABOUT ME.
I VVAS BORN UNDER A LOUSY
ZODIAC OR SOMETHING.
I'VE BEEN GETTING THE
DIRTY END OF THE STICK
EVER SINCE I WAS
FOUR YEARS OLD.
I FEEL SORRY FOR
YOU, I REALLY DO.
I DON'T
WANT YOU TO.
I DON'T VVANT YOU TO GO
TO THAT KIND OF TROUBLE.
I JUST VVANT YOU TO KEEP
SUPPLYING ME VVITH VVHAT I NEED.
I DON'T CARE
WHAT IT lS--
SCISSORS TO SAVE
MY LOUSY HIDE,
OR A LEAKY FOUNTAIN PEN
SO I CAN PICK WINNERS.
WHATEVER IT IS, I WANT
IT TO KEEP COMING.
I DON'T WANT
IT TO STOP.
THAT'S A PITY.
BECAUSE IT
MUST STOP.
IT MUST STOP NOW.
WHO? WHY?
WHY DOES IT
HAVE TO STOP?
BECAUSE THE THINGS
YOU NEED MOST,
I CAN'T SUPPLY.
W-W-WHAT ARE TH EY?
SERENITY, PEACE
OF MIND, HUMOR--
THE ABILITY TO
LAUGH AT ONESELF.
THOSE ARE THE THINGS
YOU NEED MOST.
BUT IT'S BEYOND MY POVVER
TO GIVE THEM TO YOU.
NOW, LOOK,
LOOK DEEP.
LOOK DEEP AND TELL ME
WHAT'S FOR TOMORROW.
YOU CAN SEE AHEAD, I KNOVV YOU CAN.
NOVV, LOOK DEEP.
WHAT DO YOU SEE?
OH, PLEASE,
PLEASE, DON'T.
SHOES?
THESE SHOES
ARE TOO TIGHT.
ARE TOO TIGHT!
AND THEY GOT
LEATHER SOLES.
I HATE LEATHER SOLES,
THEY'RE SLIPPERY.
BUT THEY'RE WHAT I
NEED, AREN'T THEY?
YEAH, I PUT 'EM ON,
THEN I VVALK SOMEPLACE.
IS THAT IT?
I VVALK SOMEPLACE VVHERE
I FIND VVHAT I NEED.
WHAT'S WITH IT,
OLD MAN?
WHAT HAPPENS?
I'M WAITING.
PATIENCE, THAT'S
ANOTHER THING
THAT YOU NEED,
MR. RENARD--
PATIENCE.
VVHAT ARE YOU DOING,
GIVING ME THE BUSINESS?
IS THAT VVHAT YOU'RE DOING-
I CAN COME OVER THERE AND
TAKE YOU APART BONE BY BONE.
COME ON, OLD
MAN, TELL ME.
ARE THESE
WHAT I NEED?
I DIDN'T
SAY THEY WERE.
BUT I'LL TELL
YOU SOMETHING--
THEY HAPPEN TO
BE WHAT INEED.
MR. RENARD,
WHAT I SAW IN YOUR
EYES AT THAT BAR--
WAS DEATH--
MY DEATH.
YOU VVERE GOING TO KILL ME.
SO WHAT
WAS NEEDED--
FOR MR. RENARD--
WAS SLIPPERY SHOES.
THAT'S WHAT
WAS NEEDED.
SLIPPERY SHOES.
VVHAT HAPPENED? DID
ANYBODY SEE IT?
DID YOU
SEE IT?
HIT AND RUN. THAT'S
VVHAT IT VVAS.
COULD I SELL YOU
SOMETHING TONIGHT, SIR?
SHOELACES, MATCHES.
ANYTHING?
ARE YOU KIDDING,
OLD TIMER?
WHAT WOULD
I NEED?
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT YOU NEED.
THIS IS WHAT YOU NEED.
[musical burst]
IT'S YOURS. NO
CHARGE TONIGHT.
LOONY, THAT'S
WHAT HE IS.
HE MIGHT BE. AT THIS TIME OF
NIGHT HE GIVES ME A COMB.
SAYS IT'S
WHAT I NEED.
(man) WILL YOU PLEASE
HOLD IT, FOLKS?
I'D LIKE TO TAKE YOUR PICTURE.
GOODNESS. TRY TO MAKE
YOURSELF PRESENTABLE.
OUR PICTURE'S GONNA
BE IN THE PAPER.
THE COMB!
OH, YEAH!
THANKS, FOLKS.
[musical burst]
(Mr. Serling) STREET SCENE:
NIGHT, TRAFFIC ACCIDENT.
VICTIM NAMED FRED RENARD,
GEN TLEMAN WITH A SOUR FA CE
TO WHOM CONTENTMENT
CAME WITH DIFFICULTY.
FRED RE/VARD VI/I-IO TOOK ALL Tl-IA T
I/I/A-S' NEEDED //VTHE TVVILIGHT ZONE.
(male presenter; offl ROD SE RL /N
G, THE CREA TOR OFTWILIGHT ZONE
WILL TELL YOU ABOUT
NEXT WEEK'S STORY
AFTER THIS WORD FROM
OUR ALTERNATE SPONSOR.
AND NOW MR. SERLING.
(Rod Ser/ing) NEXT WEEK
ON THE TWILIGHT ZONE,
ONE OF THE MOST BIZARRE AND
UNUSUAL TALES WE'VE TOLD YET.
ONE MAN
WITH FOUR FACES.
FOUR SEPARATE AND
ADVENTURESOME LIVES
THAT MUST BE SEEN
TO BE BELIEVED.
HARRY TOWNES, PHILLIP PINE,
ROSS MARTIN AND DON GORDON
STAR IN THE FOUR
OF US ARE DYING.
THIS IS A STORY DESIGNED
FOR GOOSEBUMPS.
I HOPE VVE'LL SEE YOU NEXT VVEEK.
GOOD NIGHT.
[eerie music]
Captioning by Blue 105
www. blue 105. com
(male presenter, off) BE SURE TO
SEE THE FUN-FILLED FAMILY LIFE
OF ONE OF AMERICA'S GREATEST ENTERTAINERS.
THE DANNY THOMAS SHOW ,
MONDAY NIGHTS OVER MOST
OF THESE STATIONS.